Q: I imported the package but nothing happens, what's next ?
A: Make sure that there are no compiling errors before and after you import the package. If errors being shown only after you import the package it's most likely that Hierarchy2 is conflicting with other extensions. Please report it, including a name list of your extensions being used so I can have a look.

Q: There are no compiling errors but no icons are being shown, what's next ?
A: It's most likely that Hierarchy2 is being disabled, you can toggling enable / disable using Hierarchy2 by focus on Hierarchy panel then press the combination Ctrl + Alt + Shift + 0

Q: Some icons being advertised does not shown, how can I enable them ?
A: Hierarchy2 introduces icon modes to keep your hierarchy as clean as possible. Instead of always show all icons, Hierarchy2 allows you to have several different modes that you can easily switch between by pressing Ctrl + Shift + MouseWheel. On default mode, only really essential icons being shown (eye, childCount & script indicator). You can change which icon appears on each mode by opening the hierarchy2 reference panel (Edit > Reference > Hierarchy2 ) 

Q: Why it always hang for several seconds when I clicked on the grey eye icon to make the gameObject visible ?
A: When a GameObject is activated, many of its children got activated too, and for each one, all the attached scripts get executed, components starts to work, camera gets rendering, editor scripts runs ... so basically the more objects you have in the scene, the more time it takes to enable them

Q: Why I can't select / delete / clone / focus on some of my GameObject in the scene ?
A: The locked GameObject does not handle any mouse interaction, unlock it first by clicking on the lock icon to the right.

Q: When my colleague open the project on his computer, he can not edit the locked nor see the combined children, so he can not making changes, what's next ?
A: You need to unlock all / uncombine all before commit the scene

